Docs/update documentation (#254)
ostis-apps/nika: docs/patterns/kb-patterns.md

You can find some usefully patterns to design knowledge base fast and accurate in `kb/pattern`.
There are examples to formalize classes, relations, instances, answer rules, classification rules and structures to answer to new messages.

In the `gwf` subdirectory you can find examples in scg. You can load `gwf` files to the scg-editor, synchronize and get new answers online.

For example, here you need to replace identifiers `concept_your_message_class_name`, `concept_your_class_identifier`, `concept_phrase_about_your_theme`,
and `lr_message_about_your_class` to your actual nodes. Also, you can change any relations if you need.
<img src="../images/answer_rule_example.png"></img>

In the `scs` subdirectory you can find the same examples in scs.

> In the `science` subdirectory you can find examples about science in scg. If you build this files (add to `repo.path`) you will get answer to the message about science.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `science` subdirectory you can find KB fragments in scg that serve as an example ontology. If you'll build these files (add this directory to `repo.path`), you'll get answers to the questions related to science.
```

> Use it as a concrete example.

Reviewer: I didn't quite get what did you mean by this. I have a guess that you've meant "use it as a specific example", but a specific example in some kind of system, report or other activity, right? Looks like some context is necessary. Also word "concrete" has big ambivalence in English, so it's better to replace it with "specific".

> Use it as a concrete example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `science` subdirectory you can find KB fragments in scg that serve as an example ontology. If you'll build these files (add this directory to `repo.path`), you'll get answers to the questions related to science. You can use rules in this folder as a reference on how to apply patterns from the `kb/pattern` folder.
```

> In the `science` subdirectory you can find KB fragments in scg that serve as an example ontology. If you'll build these files (add this directory to `repo.path`), you'll get answers to the questions related to science.
> Use it as a specific example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `science` subdirectory you can find KB fragments in scg that serve as an example ontology. If you'll build these files (add this directory to `repo.path`), you'll get answers to the questions related to science. You can use rules in this folder as a reference on how to apply patterns from the `kb/pattern` folder.
```
